---
layout: default
title: '电视剧《安全屋 第一季》下载资源/在线播放/视频地址/1080p/高清/蓝光'
date: "2021-07-10T14:39:59+0800"
last_modified_at: "2021-07-10T14:39:59+0800"
permalink: /4264/
categories: 电视剧
cover:
tags: 电视剧
keywords: '安全屋 第一季,在线免费看,1080p高清,bt种子,torrent,百度云盘,magnet,磁力链,迅雷下载资源'
description: '《安全屋 第一季》在线云播放手机西瓜影院吉吉影音免费看，1080p高清bd/hd未删减完整版和tc抢先枪版，mkv/mp4格式，附带bt/torrent种子、magnet/磁力链、百度云盘、网盘资源迅雷下载链接'
---

>内容采集生成，如果链接失效，多试几个，页面最后有更多精彩视频！收藏本页（Ctrl+D)，以后再找不麻烦。


## 《安全屋 第一季》在线观看和高清下载-4264

剧情介绍：　　Acclaimed British actor Christopher Eccleston (The Leftovers, Thor: The Dark World) will be joined by Marsha Thomason (White Collar) and Paterson Joseph (The Leftovers, Law & Order: UK) in a new four-part drama series Safe House from Eleventh Hour Films. Safe House is a tense thriller set in the beautiful wilderness of the Lake District.  　　The cast will also include Jason Merrells (Emmerdale, Waterloo Road), Nicola Stephenson (All At Sea, Holby City), and Peter Ferdinando (Doctor Who, A Field in England) and is set to commence filming today; Monday 6th October.  　　The 4-part drama tells the story of a married couple: Robert (Christopher Eccleston) a former detective and Katy (Marsha Thomason) a teacher who are asked by close friend and police officer Mark (Paterson Joseph), to turn their remote Guest House into a Safe House.  　　Their first ‘guests’ at the Safe House, are a family in fear of their lives after they are violently attacked by someone who claims to know them. For Robert protecting the family resurrects fears and anxieties bound up in a terrifying night eighteen months ago - where he was protecting a star witness who was about to testify against her gangland husband. Unexpectedly, he was shot, and she was killed. As a consequence of running the Safe House, Robert re-questions this incident and uncovers a web of lies.  　　Inspired by a real couple, Safe House is a distinctive character-driven drama created and written by Michael Crompton (Kidnap & Ransom, Carrie’s War), and directed by award-winning Marc Evans (Hinterland, Collision) and produced by Andrew Benson (Strikeback, Mad Dogs). It is being developed by Eleventh Hour Films’ Paula Cuddy, who is also an Executive Producer, alongside Jill Green.  　　Safe House is potentially a returnable series for ITV and Eleventh Hour Films and was commissioned by ITV’s Director of Drama, Steve November and Controller of Drama, Victoria Fea.  　　“We're delighted to commission Safe House from Jill Green and Eleventh  　　Hour Films. It's a compelling four-part drama from Michael Crompton with great characters and genuine twists which keep you guessing right to the end.”  　　Jill Green (Foyle’s War, Collision, The American) said: “ This brilliant idea for a psychological thriller has attracted a strong cast – and will keep viewers gripped.”


安全屋 第一季 (2015)

**下载地址**： [在线观看下载 《安全屋 第一季》](https://www.btbtdy.me/btdy/dy6655.html) 


**无法下载?**：`如果迅雷因版权原因无法下载，关注微信公众号 `

**其他方法1**：从百度云网盘下载视频，百度云网盘支持在线观看，非会员有限制，如果能找到迅雷下载链接、bt/torrent种子、magnet磁力链接、e2dk链接等，可以用迅雷、比特彗星等工具将完整视频下载到本地。

**其他方法2**：用手机云播、西瓜影院、吉吉影音等在线免费观看《安全屋 第一季》，一般提供1080p高清、hd/bd高清视频、tc抢先版视频，视频为mkv或mp4格式，不同站点视频质量和播放速度不同。


## 《安全屋第一季》在线观看和高清下载-38273

Acclaimed British actor Christopher Eccleston (The Leftovers, Thor: The Dark World) will be joined by Marsha Thomason (White Collar) and Paterson Joseph (The Leftovers, Law & Order: UK) in a new four-part drama series Safe House from Eleventh Hour Films. Safe House is a tense thriller set in the beautiful wilderness of the Lake District.　　　　The cast will also include Jason Merrells (Emmerdale, Waterloo Road), Nicola Stephenson (All At Sea, Holby City), and Peter Ferdinando (Doctor Who, A Field in England) and is set to commence filming today; Monday 6th October.　　　　The 4-part drama tells the story of a married couple: Robert (Christopher Eccleston) a former detective and Katy (Marsha Thomason) a teacher who are asked by close friend and police officer Mark (Paterson Joseph), to turn their remote Guest House into a Safe House.　　　　Their first ‘guests’ at the Safe House, are a family in fear of their lives after they are violently attacked by someone who claims to know them. For Robert protecting the family resurrects fears and anxieties bound up in a terrifying night eighteen months ago - where he was protecting a star witness who was about to testify against her gangland husband. Unexpectedly, he was shot, and she was killed. As a consequence of running the Safe House, Robert re-questions this incident and uncovers a web of lies.　　　　Inspired by a real couple, Safe House is a distinctive character-driven drama created and written by Michael Crompton (Kidnap & Ransom, Carrie’s War), and directed by award-winning Marc Evans (Hinterland, Collision) and produced by Andrew Benson (Strikeback, Mad Dogs). It is being developed by Eleventh Hour Films’ Paula Cuddy, who is also an Executive Producer, alongside Jill Green.　　　　Safe House is potentially a returnable series for ITV and Eleventh Hour Films and was commissioned by ITV’s Director of Drama, Steve November and Controller of Drama, Victoria Fea.　　　　“We’re delighted to commission Safe House from Jill Green and Eleventh　　Hour Films. It’s a compelling four-part drama from Michael Crompton with great characters and genuine twists which keep you guessing right to the end.”　　　　Jill Green (Foyle’s War, Collision, The American) said: “ This brilliant idea for a psychological thriller has attracted a strong cast – and will keep viewers gripped.”


安全屋第一季迅雷下载

**详情查看**： [《安全屋第一季》详情介绍](/movie/38273/)， **查看更多**：[本站资源大全](/movie/t/all/)

